Add subpage in observability about resource usage monitoring (#9461)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/manage/observability/monitor_resource_usage.md

## Before you begin

Make sure the following conditions are met:

- A Kubernetes cluster is running.
- The kubectl command-line tool has communication with your cluster.
- [Kueue is installed](/docs/installation).
- The cluster has at least one [local queue and cluster queue](/docs/tasks/manage/administer_cluster_quotas). Presented commands assume your local queue is named "user-queue" and cluster queue is named "cluster-queue", if this is not the case adjust them appropriately.

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
The queries in this page require `AssignQueueLabelsForPods` Feature Gate, which is enabled by default.
If it is not enabled, see [Installation](/docs/installation/#change-the-feature-gates-configuration) for details how to enable it.
{{% /alert %}}

## `kubectl top` for command line resource usage debugging

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
As mentioned on  [Metrics Server repository site](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server?tab=readme-ov-file#kubernetes-metrics-server),
Metrics Server and provided command line tool - `kubectl top` - is not meant as a monitoring solution. The tool is convenient

> for local debugging but it is not a replacement for real monitoring. For the setup more prepared for production see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for quick troubleshooting but is not a substitute for full-scale monitoring. See the Production resource monitoring](#production-resource-monitoring) section for a more robust setup.
```

> [Production resource monitoring](#production-resource-monitoring) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{% /alert %}}

1. To use `kubectl top` you need to install metrics-server for you cluster.
Follow the [Metrics Server Installation](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server?tab=readme-ov-file#installation)
2. Schedule a couple of jobs that have some real cpu usage to your local queue:
```yaml
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  generateName: sample-job-
  namespace: default
  labels:
    kueue.x-k8s.io/queue-name: "user-queue"
spec:
  parallelism: 1
  completions: 1
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: dummy-job
        image: registry.k8s.io/e2e-test-images/agnhost:2.53
        command: [ "/bin/sh" ]
        args: [ "-c", "end_time=$(($(date +%s) + 60)); while [ $(date +%s) -lt $end_time ]; do :; done"]
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: "1"

      restartPolicy: Never
```
3. Monitor the usage of cpu and memory in nearly real time for this local queue with `kubectl top`:
```sh
watch -n 15  'kubectl top pod --sum -l kueue.x-k8s.io/local-queue-name=user-queue'
```

> You will see a list of pods currently running on the local queue named "user-queue" with their current cpu and memory measurements and the sum of the usage at the bottom. The list will be automatically refreshed every 15 seconds.

Reviewer: Yep, I would add the screenshot as well. Otherwise lgtm.

4. Similarly, you can monitor the usage of the resources by jobs admitted to a cluster queue:
```sh
watch -n 15  'kubectl top pod --sum -l kueue.x-k8s.io/cluster-queue-name=cluster-queue'
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
If you encounter an error like "error: Metrics API not available", it may be caused by certificate
verification problems in your cluster. You can skip the verification in metrics-server by
editing the deployment `kubectl edit deployment metrics-server -n kube-system`
and adding `--kubelet-insecure-tls` to the container arguments, however this
is **highly discouraged in production environments**.
{{% /alert %}}

## Production resource monitoring

> 1. Install [prometheus](/docs/tasks/manage/observability/setup_prometheus) and [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-state-metrics) in a way that matches your setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [prometheus](/docs/tasks/manage/observability/setup_prometheus) and [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics) according to your cluster's setup. Next, configure your kube-state-metrics to allowlist Kueue pod labels.
```

Author: Thanks! I don't know how I have missed the fact that link is wrong, I though I tested all of them...

Adjust the kube-state-metrics configuration to allowlist Kueue pod labels.

> Below commands assume that you are using the kube-prometheus-stack helm chart, which contains both prometheus and kube-state-metrics.

Reviewer: Include link to the appropriate doc pls
